>> Scott Moss: Resolving interfaces
is literally the same thing,
as resolving unions, there really
isn't any different thing here.
You do a resolve type in this case
the interface and you do a if check on
the object to see which one it is,
and then you return the name of it.
It's pretty much the same thing,
it's no different.
Resolving nest objects.
I think we kind of already walked
through that with the person.
Did we do that?
No, I guess I didn't do that.
I did like a field level.
So let's talk about nested objects.
So with nested objects,
we can go back to our schema, and
then we can say like a person has pets,
which are type animal like this.
So this will be a nested object.
So now if I search for people,
I can get the pets from them.
So what I could do is,
let's say a really classic example
would be something like this.
So for a person, or where is it at?
Here we go for people, so
let's say people have pets, right?
So in this case I I'll return for
pets, an array of IDs, right?
I'll have pet ID 1, pet ID 2, pet ID 3.
I have three pets here with their IDs.
This wouldn't satisfy
the request if I asked for
pets right now, right,
because pets are a object type.
So if I said give me people.
>> Scott Moss: And I want the name,
and I want my pets,
and then inside of pets I want the name.
Try to run this.
>> Scott Moss: It's gonna say,
I could not get animal.name.
It's a non nullable field and you just
return an array of IDs or numbers,
I don't know what to do with this.
So how can I solve this?
Well, I guess you could in here in
your database query to this person,
you could say, hey, join the table,
give me all the pets too.
But if you did that,
you'd be doing that for
every single query that someone sends
up regardless they ask for pets or not.
Maybe you should only be joining the table
if they ask for the pets, right?
So if I went in here and was like, yeah,
always send back the pet objects for
this user, no matter what.
What if my query did not have pets?
Your database query is
still getting the pets.
That's kind of wasteful and redundant and
defeats the purpose of GraphQL.
So what you wanna do is only query
the pets when the query asks for the pets.
Let me repeat that.
Only query the database for your pets when
the GraphQL query is asking for the pets.
So how do you do that?
It's quite simple.
You let GraphQL handle it and
you make a resolver for it.
If you make a resolver for it,
GraphQL will use that resolver
when someone asked for it.
It's that simple.
There is no resolver for
pets on a person, so it didn't use it,
it just took what you gave it,
in this case an array of numbers.
But if we go to our person which is what
is returned from the people query and
and I say pets here and
I make a function and because its gonna
have a parent here which is actually gonna
be a person, so am gonna call it person.
In a real life scenario, I would
loop over these person.pets IDs and
go to the database and say, give me
all the animals with this id, right?
So I'm just gonna imitate that and
return an object of animals which
have species and name, right?
So I'll just say dpecies
>> Scott Moss: Cat and
then there are and just to be super clear,
I'll just return one Id even
though that's not gonna matter.
So in this case I'm saying cool.
I know that when I run this query so
I'm just gonna return the pet IDs cuz I
have them on the table already maybe.
But I don't wanna join the table unless
someone actually asks for the pets.
And if they do ask for the pets,
GraphQL will then run person.pets,
which will get the current person
that was previously resolved and
go to the database and
get the pets for them.
And if I return many people,
then this will be called for
each one of those persons singularly,
right?
So now if I run this,
I should be able to get the pet's name.
You could probably see this is very
powerful and it's way different than any
of the server architecture API,
that you've might have built it.
It's just a different way of thinking.
You actually have to think as a graph.
Looking back when I started learning
GraphQL, like 2015, 2016 maybe,
the thing that really confused me was
this nature of what is the parent?
How do I know when there's a parent?
If you are making a resolver for
a object type,
there's always gonna be a parent here,
because you're only this
is only ever gonna get called when
the object type is trying to be resolved.
So there probably is always going to be a
parent here if you're resolving for object
type, there almost is never going to be a
parent when you're resolving from a query
type or a mutation type because they're on
the route, nothing happens before them.
That's the entry into, this is the only
way you can interact with your GraphQL API
is by calling a query or
calling a mutation.
You can't just go to the GraphQL API and
like, give me person.
It doesn't work that way.
You have to add that to a query somewhere.
So therefore,
this is the first thing to run.
So there is no parent here.
But if an object type resolvers are
running, that means, somewhere earlier,
maybe from a query, maybe from a mutation,
a person is being returned somewhere.
And now, because I have these fields,
it's resolving the individual
fields of that person.
So therefore, there is an object above it,
which is a parent.
>> Speaker 2: Does the order of
the arguments in the resolver matter, for
example, does the person have
to come before the pets, so
that it can resolve the person first.
>> Scott Moss: No, the order in which you
make the resolvers in this object does not
matter.
And in fact, in Javascript, order inside
of objects cannot be maintained or
guaranteed.
There is no such thing
as order in the object.
JavaScript does a really good job of,
if you were to log this object out,
it'll log at the same
order that you made it.
But order inside of
an object is not guaranteed.
That's the point of an array.
So where you write this does not matter.
It's all about the name.
This name matches with this name.
That is the only thing that matters.